- Description of Theme

The Dragon Ball scrolling game is inspired by the hit Japanese manga and anime series of the same name from the 1990s. It features Goku who is the 
main character in the anime, Frieza, who is one of the main villains in the series, saibamen, Frieza's underlings, Dragon balls, and Senzu beans.
This game attempts to emulate the nostalgic feeling of playing as Goku and fighting various villains in the show on his quest for the Dragon Balls.

- Details of Custom Features

In the original scrolling game, there were only three type of consumables - Avoids, Gets, RareGets. I have added an extra consumable known as a
RareAvoid, which takes the form of Frieza, who does double the damage of regular avoids, and is worth more points. This brings me to the next
custom feature. Originally, the aim of the game was to get the Gets and avoid the Avoids, but in my game, whose theme revolves around combat,
the Player must actively destroy Avoids(Frieza and Saibamen) in order to gain points. Gets no longer give points in my game but give the player
additional resources to help them achieve their goal. In order for Goku to destroy his enemies, I have given him a new feature which involves
shooting projectiles(in the form of Ki blasts). These destroy regular Avoids(Saibamen) in one hit, awarding the player 20 points, and destroy
the RareAvoids(Frieza) in two, awarding 40 points. However, Goku does not have infinite energy, which is why there is a finite amount of ammunition
he starts off with at the game, which is 10 shots. After this, the player must collect the Gets(Dragon Balls) in order to replenish their ammunition,
with each Get awarding the player 2 additional shots to fire. The RareGets(taking the form of Senzu beans which are used to heal Goku in the actual
anime), serve a similar purpose to the original RareGet, giving Goku one additional HP, but does not award any points. I have also included additional
splash screens at the end of the game which depend on the win/lose condition that is met. The background screen is an image of planet Namek, which is
the place where Goku's battles with Frieza take place in the original anime. Wheras, the game introduction splash screen is an image of Kami House - the
place where Goku and his friends hang out when they are training and having fun.

- Win/Lose Condition
The win condition in my game remains the same as the original: gain 300 points. Likewise, the lose condition is also the same: if the player runs out
of HP, they die.

- Sources
Theme: Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z by Akira Toriyama
Images: Kami House art by tohad.artstation.com, Goku pixel art (https://pngset.com/download-free-png-cordw),
and the rest are from Google taken straight from the anime.

